Subject: How to get access to PDM
From: 
Created: 12/01/2021 06:37:18 PM ZE6

--- CONTENT ---
Instructions how to apply for access in Idefix


Document (Latest update on top)
Modified date/Editor
Comment
Change required

2023-10-06/Mikael Andersson
Links to related and relevant documents is added in the file document.The same and some Additional links kan be found below here in this Lotus Notes Document.


2023-03-31/Mikael Andersson
The New Entitlement Type "User Account" in IDefiix has been added to the Instruction. New Enitlement Value "Inactive Account" was added. "PDM User ID" and "China PDM User ID" moved from Special Rights, ERP Company. Changes and Improvments Highlighted in Yellow.


2022-01-24/Mikael Andersson
Single select for Business Role is updated according Idefix interface


2021-03-04/Masudul Haque
Note! Latest change in Idefix regarding the Business Role selection is not updated in this document. Only one single Main Business Role can be selected in Idefix, which is according PDM WTO rule. Document will be updated accordingly.
2022-01-22/Mikael Andersson: Update document regarding Entitlement Type "Business Role" that is Single select in Idefix.

Go to Idefix => Request Home (valmet.com) 

Related Douments


Link
Subject
Description / Purpose
Comment

Description on PDM Business Roles 
Detailed description on Business Roles 
Same link exist in the file document above

Description on PDM Entitlements in IDefix 
This is an export from IDefix with description on the available PDM Entitlements to select, i.e. the Data Access control elements i PDM.
Same link exist in the file document above

PDM Access - Owner group and corresponding viewing group list 
This document is showing what Owner Groups are included in each Viewier Group
Same link exist in the file document above

PDM User Access Guideline 
Detail level description of the access model in PDM 
Same link exist in the file document above

PDM Access Review 
Guideline how to perform the Access Review by Managers for there subordinates


